---
title: UNCLE
date: 2021-03-26 13:02:56
updated: 2021-03-26 13:02:56
categories:
  - 似此星辰
tags:
  - Music
  - Series
mathjax: false
---



<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=30987073&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>


**I Like Like You**
*Singer: Nick Helm (feat. Elliot Speller-Gillott)*

When I think about you You make my chest feel all tight
I have to shake my inhaler Suck with all of my might
I see you walk down the hall But I don't think you see me
I cannot focus on science You give me ADHD
I feel my temperature rise I see my grades start to drop
I'm near the bottom of class I used to be near the top
You make me sick in my mouth You make me come out in hives
You put me stomach in knots I have to loosen my tie, tie, tie
I don't like you I like, like you
I don't like you I like, like you

I'll walk you home after school I'll walk you right to your house
I'd like to give you a kiss But not a kiss on the mouth
I'll take you out on a date I'll meet you out by the gym
And I should probably say This song was written by him
(I don't like you I like like you)
I'll save you space in the queue I'll give you answers in maths
I'll take you out to the zoo Will you sit by me in class?
It's everything that you say Its everything that you do
(I don't like you I like like you)
I don't just like you a bit I like, like, like you, you, you, you, you, you, you.

ref: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9ZW876l0yk


<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/B9ZW876l0yk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>



**Uncle (S1E2)**

I used not to consider Elliot as a handsome boy until I saw a picture of him as a teenager. Then I started to watch UNCLE which was starred by him and Nick Helm. After that, I found out Errol (Roly) was really cute, adorable, and especially, his tremendous nimble eyes. Even after he grew up, those eyes are still as pretty as those when he was a kid. And I found Ruby was a pretty girl as well. Another amusing thing is that Errol's mom was the voice of Minister Lift in the HP7 movie. I like the way she talked.


